To begin, I would like to say that I feel like I have missed a large portion of this week's actual assignment. Because I have yet to receive any communication from my OOD Group I was not able to complete this in a group setting as intended. Thus I will reflect on my own experiences completing this project. I will also attach screenshots demonstrating that I have attempted to contact my group. It is possible that my message didn't go through, perhaps they attempted communicating with me and I just haven't received it, I am not sure. 

Reflection - 
This project has further developed my appreciation for arrayLists capabilities. Arraylists have many powerful features which have made this project much easier to complete. One such feature is the fact the arrayLists are dynamic in their size, meaning that I do not need to initialize an array of length n, for example, rather I can just add as many elements as I want without issue, which facilitates working with strings of variable lengths. 
As for classes, I do not necessarily think that that using word objects made a huge difference for this assignment. I almost feel like it could have been shorter just pushing everything onto an arrayList as a string, instead of word object, would have been easier. That said, now that I think about it, I could have used the object properties to assign a value to each word which I could then later retrieve without having to calculate it after the fact. However, that just seems unnecessary given how much more work the program would have to do for very little gains. 
On the other hand, I would not neccessarly need to attach separate values to them, rather I would only need to attach a method to them, and then I could call that method when trying to determine things like their point value or their lexicographical value. In retrospect, I probably have failed to leverage classes properly.  
Overall, I feel like arrayLists are great when working with large amounts of data as is found in the scrabble words text file. Object classes are also very convenient since you can attach methods to them without having to place functions all over your code. I definitely could have used them better for this assignment. 